# anti-aimbot
Minecraft pvp anti-cheat

To once again activate the almonds of destroying minecraft hackerman clients I've come to the conclusion to release this GAME-CHANGING NEVER SEEN BEFORE advanced anti-cheat with the outmost insane checks that has ever touched the surface of our sacred minecraft cube world with game breaking arthimetics causiously developed by the very most elite minecraft pvp coder that no spooky hackerman would ever expect to combat!

The minecraft pvp hackermen work hard and often to ruin our christian minecraft servers. To overthrow the tyrannical rule of the minecraft pvp hackermen. Some may imply that the minecraft pvp hackermen only bring pain, anger and sadness into the hearts of the loyal christian minecraft legit pvpers. Once destroyed by the insanely spooky minecraft hackermen you'll never be able to forget the moment you were ruined and scarred for life. One should not compare the minecraft pvp hackermen to the syrian bombers which are attempting to invade our sacred christian minecraft server. Those guys are extremely perilous and should quickly be handled by the insanely advanced game changing never seen before checks invented by insanely intelligent loyal peaceful minecraft pvp coders whom have thousands of years of experience in destroying the volatile minecraft pvp hackermen that SHOULD be treated with utmost caution as they're capable of introducing race conditions at any time and as bad as they have done in the past and or cause other disasters such as sending massive chunks of Payload packets with the size of 32767 bytes which will most certainly kill our sacred peaceful christian minecraft pvp server. With all of this said I urge you to join the AA movement and achieve total domination and control over our peaceful christian minecraft pvp servers.

This anti-cheat is made for 1.8.8 spigot. If you have a 1.7.10 spigot; please upgrade to 1.8.8 and use protocolsupport. I will never rewind this anti-cheat down to 1.7.10.
